README.md, before:

# Moore Machine Simulator (Java Swing)

A desktop application for designing and simulating Moore Machines, built with Java Swing.

Originally developed as a university project and later repackaged for demonstration and portfolio purposes.

---

## Note
This project focuses on demonstrating finite state machine logic rather than production-level UI design.

## Features

- Create finite state machines with up to 20 states
- Define custom alphabets and outputs
- Configure state transitions visually
- Simulate input strings
- Observe state progression and generated outputs
- Simple and interactive GUI

---

## Screenshots

### Machine Configuration
![config](screenshots/config.png)

### Transition Table
![table](screenshots/table.png)

### Input Simulation
![simulation](screenshots/simulation.png)

### Result Visualization
![result](screenshots/result.png)

---

## Download & Run

### Requirements
- Java 8 or higher

### Run the application
No installation required.
Download the latest `.jar` from the **Releases** section:

👉 https://github.com/RookieMy/moore-machine-simulator/releases

Then run:

```bash
java -jar moore-machine-simulator.jar

Commit message:

Add project purpose and skills section to README
Added a section explaining the purpose and skills demonstrated by the project.

README.md, after:

# Moore Machine Simulator (Java Swing)

A desktop application for designing and simulating Moore Machines, built with Java Swing.

Originally developed as a university project and later repackaged for demonstration and portfolio purposes.

---

## Why This Project?

This project demonstrates the implementation of finite state machine logic combined with a desktop user interface.

It highlights skills in:

- State-based system design
- Algorithmic thinking
- Java desktop development
- Software packaging


## Features

- Create finite state machines with up to 20 states
- Define custom alphabets and outputs
- Configure state transitions visually
- Simulate input strings
- Observe state progression and generated outputs
- Simple and interactive GUI

---

## Screenshots

### Machine Configuration
![config](screenshots/config.png)

### Transition Table
![table](screenshots/table.png)

### Input Simulation
![simulation](screenshots/simulation.png)

### Result Visualization
![result](screenshots/result.png)

---

## Download & Run

### Requirements
- Java 8 or higher

### Run the application
No installation required.
Download the latest `.jar` from the **Releases** section:

👉 https://github.com/RookieMy/moore-machine-simulator/releases

Then run:

```bash
java -jar moore-machine-simulator.jar
